5 Why’s Software Assignment


What Went Wrong(Testing Final Project):

  Methods for the implementation of the factorial server, datastore server, and client   
  classes were not properly functioning, causing errors in our tests. When trying to test   
  the entire API system, we encountered errors when inputting our test parameters in the 
  compute method in the client class.

Why 1:

  After initial review and bug fixing, we found that the Datastore and Factorial Server 
  implementations did not have the expected methods and variables showing up in the request 
  parameters for user numbers. Also, other classes like the response, result, and 
  DataProcessBoundaryAPI classes, as well as the Delimiter class, were not adequately set 
  up for the API system to run. As a result, methods needed to be added in order for the 
  Data store and Factorial Server imple to function for some methods. The client class also 
  had instance variables, such as the Write parameters, incorrectly set up, and ultimately were 
  not needed and were removed.

Why 2:

  The generated Grpc files did not have the correct methods generated that were needed for the datastore and 
  factorial server implementations, such as the user number variations and other missing methods, due to the 
  incorrectness of the proto files. The other classes mentioned, like request and response, were initially left 
  blank, thus having no methods and therefore not showing up in the request parameters.

Why 3:

  Initially, the proto files I made did not account for our multiple variations of a user number. They also had 
  improper message definitions for the user number, response, and result messages. As for the classes, before, 
  we could not have known in what shape or form these classes would need to be set up, so a general or blank 
  setup was made first, with further tweaking along the way as needed until now.

Why 4 Backtrack:

  Figuring out what the messages and variables for each proto file needed to be was challenging and confusing. 
  Initially, the Grpc files did not generate because I could not figure out how to set my Java home.

Why 5:

  The reason it did not work was because this was the first time I was working with proto files and generating 
  Grpc servers, so I was unfamiliar with the syntax of how to set them up and was bound to make many mistakes 
  in the process.
